## Лист ожидания

- Software Design by Example (Python, JavaScript)
- [Tech Interview Handbook](https://www.techinterviewhandbook.org/software-engineering-interview-guide/)
- Flask Mega Tutorial – [Read Online](https://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/post/the-flask-mega-tutorial-part-i-hello-world)
- [Understand Django, by Matt Layman](https://www.mattlayman.com/understand-django/)

----
## 📚 Разобрать
- 📚💡Бэклог хороших книг к прочтению: в Library список Backlog:
	- Добавить в бэклог дельные книги (+см. папка на рабочем компе):
		- [ ] **Чтение** | Просмотреть книгу [[José Haro Peralta - Microservice APIs_ Using Python, Flask, FastAPI, OpenAPI and more-Manning Publications (2023).pdf]]
		- [ ] **Чтение** | Просмотреть книгу [[Mike Amundsen - RESTful Web API Patterns and Practices Cookbook_ Connecting and Orchestrating Microservices and Distributed Data-O'Reilly Media (2022).pdf]]
	- [ ] **Чтение** | Посмотреть какие книги про Пайтон ещё напечатать / прочитать / добавить в бэклог (*Все три в папке `Dev Books/Python` и скинуты в телегу*):
		- Brett Slatkin, *Effective Python*
		- David Beazley, *Python Cookbook* 
		- Alex Martelli, *Python in a Nutshell*
		-  [TCP/IP Illustrated, Volume 1: The Protocols](http://library.lol/main/F26A41CA634527C631824B7160CFF7FC)
		-  [Computer Networks](http://library.lol/main/3B4575523FADFFEF2031683E74662EA3)
		-  [UNIX and Linux System Administration Handbook](http://library.lol/main/F90104A31DCE68CF521B96B29BE35DDE)

-----
## Рекомендации
- [[Matthew Wilkes - Advanced Python Development_ Using Powerful Language Features in Real-World Applications-Apress (2020).pdf]], is a rare book that includes short examples to explain concepts, ==while also showing how to build a realistic application ready for production==: a data aggregator, similar to DevOps monitoring systems or IoT data collectors for distributed sensors. Two chapters in *Advanced Python Development* cover concurrent programming with `threading` and `asyncio`. *(recommended in Fluent Python, ch. 19.)* #python #concurrency 
-  [[Caleb Hattingh - Using Asyncio in Python_ Understanding Python's Asynchronous Programming Features-O'Reilly Media (2020).pdf]]: “The Truth About Threads” is the title of Chapter 2 in *Using Asyncio in Python* by Caleb Hattingh (O’Reilly). The chapter covers the benefits and drawbacks of threading—with compelling quotes from several authoritative sources—making it clear that the fundamental challenges of threads have nothing to do with Python or the GIL. *(recommended in Fluent Python, ch. 19.)* #python #concurrency #asyncio 
- [[Allen B. Downey - The Little Book of Semaphores_ The Ins and Outs of Concurrency Control._-CreateSpace (2009) 1.pdf]]: If you want to learn the hard way how difficult it is to reason about threads and locks —without risking your job—try the exercises in Allen Downey’s workbook, *The Little Book of Semaphores* (Green Tea Press). The exercises in Downey’s book range from easy to very hard to unsolvable, but even the easy ones are eye-opening. *(recommended in Fluent Python, ch. 19.)* #concurrency
- [[(The Pragmatic Programmers) Paul Butcher - Seven Concurrency Models in Seven Weeks_ When Threads Unravel (The Pragmatic Programmers)-Pragmatic Bookshelf (2014).pdf]]: I learned a lot reading *Seven Concurrency Models in Seven Weeks*, by Paul Butcher (Pragmatic Bookshelf), with the eloquent subtitle *When Threads Unravel*. Chapter 1 of the book presents the core concepts and challenges of programming with threads and locks in Java. The remaining six chapters of the book are devoted to what the author considers better alternatives for concurrent and parallel programming, as supported by different languages, tools, and libraries. The examples use Java, Clojure, Elixir, and C (for the chapter about parallel programming with the OpenCL framework). *(recommended in Fluent Python, ch. 19.)* #concurrency 

----
📂 [[Reading]]